# Ioan Bălan --- 2305

The first message was not long in coming, arriving about an hour after Ioan\#c1494bf arrived back at home. At least it wasn't high priority; ey had the choice to accept then or experience later. Half duplex, though. An actual conversation rather than a recording.

Ey sighed, closed eir eyes, accepted. The things ey did for work.

*"Hi Ioan,"* came Dear's voice. It was still seated on the couch. *"Long time no see, yes?"*

Ioan nodded, subvocalizing eir response. "Yeah, took you ages. Have something for me?"

*"Maybe. We have received a file from someone down-tree. Or, well, hmm."* It appeared to think for a moment before continuing, *"Someone down-tree from me found a file, and she thinks it might be a file from the clade, maybe one of the original ten."*

"Alright, send it over."

The file arrived promptly. Eir shoulders sagged. It began with `-----BEGIN AES BLOCK-----` followed by hundreds, perhaps thousands of apparently random letters, numbers, and punctuation.

"What's an AES block?"

*"An old encryption algorithm."* Dear looked a little embarrassed. *"And I mean **old**. We like old things. That's why she suggested it might be from one of us."*

"You don't sound convinced."

*"I am not. You must understand that this is not something any of the clade wants known. It is just a name, yes, but it is important to us in a way that is hard to overstate."* Dear sighed. *"Much of the clade is of the opinion that, if we could simply wipe the Name from our minds, we would. For a member of the clade to break that trust is nigh unthinkable. It is acting against our very  nature."*

"You're right in that I probably can't understand the importance here. Still, I trust you on that. A friend, maybe? A mutual?" 

The fox frowned. If anything, it sounded less convinced when it said, *"Perhaps."*

"An enemy?"

*"A valid concern."*

Ioan frowned. "I'm trying to square your use of the poet's work in your very names with your desire to forget the Name itself. That sounds like something someone could use against you."

*"Names bear power."*

"A memorial, then?" Ey hastened to add, "Sorry. It's probably not my place to understand. We can drop it for now."

*"Yes. A memorial."* The fox's shoulders slumped. *"Let's come back to it later. I do not want to get too distracted now. Still, we will have to speak more on this soon. It would be good for you to have a more complete picture."*

Ioan nodded. "So do you want me--"

*"You do not need to worry about the file itself. That's why I did not just forward it to you automatically."* Dear paused, then added, *"Though I probably should have. Here I am talking about you having a more complete picture and not giving you everything."*

"It's alright. I'm picking it up as we go along."

It nodded. *"It is important, though. Amanuenses form an* Umwelt, *so this is part of yours, now. We will talk about it at the end. Something to keep in mind, I suppose. When we find the key, we will let you know and send over the contents."*

"Okay, good. I gave AES a check, and you're right, that's ridiculously old. Can't you just crack it?"

*"We could. Some of us probably already have. I want the key, though. It's probably a word or something, and may prove interesting in its own right."*

"Interesting?"

*"Interesting in that the act of finding the key may turn up further clues."*

"Ah. Good point. I'll do some digging on old cryptography, too, and see what all's out there."

*"Good fucking luck. Cryptonerds were --- are --- very wordy. There's going to be a boatload to sort through."*

Ey grinned, "I'll fork and research, then."

*"Good plan. I am going to get back to the hunt, and hey, Ioan?"* The fox's smile was earnest. *"Thanks. Even if I am just running ideas past you, it is good to put in words."*

"Of course, Dear." Ioan waved. Ey always felt silly interacting with sensorium messages. Would \#tracker think em crazy? "Thanks for the project."

Dear bowed, signed off.

\#tracker was, indeed, giving \#c1494bf a bemused grin.
