# Dr. Carter Ramirez --- 2112

"Avery. What's up?"

The ping had sounded in Carter's ears like a soft bell, and the faint outline of a door had appeared at the periphery of her vision. Someone had requested a meeting. After a moment of dictating a note to herself for when she got back, she made her way through the door. One of the stats-and-history folks stood, waiting with arms crossed, in the private space.

"Running up against a bit of a snag, Dr. Ramirez," they said. "This new patient, uh...0224ebe8?"

"What about them?"

"Well, I'm getting some doubled records. Weird things are duplicated. Sort of."

"Duplicated? How?"

"Well, we've got some records from way back with a different gender marker on them and no pronouns." They looked thoughtful. "I ran into a bit of that when I changed everything over, myself, but the process changed all of my past records, too."

Carter frowned. "So e8 changed their marker and pronouns officially, but you're seeing duplicate records under a different one?"

"Mmhm. I was wondering, do we have any location data on them?"

"Not really, no. You've got all the same data I do. Most have been redacted."

"I figured, yeah, but wanted to ask. I just know some friends back in America ran into similar, too. Some ancient conglomerate or something holding onto old records or not updating their systems, so I was wondering if e8 was over there."

Carter shrugged. "I don't really know. That sort of thing is scrubbed before we get the cases. I'm actually surprised the files weren't normalized before we got them."

Avery laughed. "We're one of the big three, so of course it's all extra difficult." Carter must have looked nonplussed, as Avery continued, "Banking, government, and healthcare. Ask any one of the big three to adopt to social change, and you'll get eighteen different reasons why it's impossible to update their systems."

"Fair enough. So they have two markers and no pronouns."

"Well, ey has two markers, X and M, but only the one set of pronouns. None listed on the records with the M marker."

"Is this going to be much of a problem?"

"Don't think so," Avery said thoughtfully. "The records are complete so long as we take both sets into account. You might want to run it by Sandra, though, is the thing. I don't know if us knowing that this change occurred is too much information for us to have. Legally, I mean."

Carter knit her brow. "And there's the snag."

Avery nodded.

"Well, hopefully not." Carter leaned against the wall and thought for a moment, then asked, "What can we do with this information, anyway? We've seen a pretty good spread across gender markers with our set of cases, do you think this'll change anything?"

"I don't know. The friends back in America who ran into this were all ones that made the change later in life. The younger you are when you change markers and such, the easier it is because the less of a record you have to change. It's kind of like you're burdened with a marker from birth, and the longer you go before changing it, the heavier the burden gets."

"And they had a big one?"

"Not so big, all told, but it's enough that all of eir records from when ey got eir implants are under a different marker."

Carter nodded.

"From a history standpoint, that also means that eir marketing footprint takes something of a hard left at one point."

"When th--" Carter backtracked. "When ey changed eir marker?"

It was Avery's turn to nod.

"So we've got someone who's advertised to with a masculine marker, then with a neutral marker--"

"And ey seemed to have given the whole romance thing a miss, too. Eir marketing footprint is mostly just rig gear and furry stuff. It's like ey slipped through filters unnoticed, which, in itself, leaves a trail."

"Well, if you can't sell em sex, what's left to sell?" Carter laughed.

"Oh, plenty, I assure you. Just that, pushing nine billion, advertisers mostly rely on larger demographics. GQ folks and asexuals aren't broad enough segments to bother wasting ads on. Granted this is only going by the transparency reports. There's all sorts of weird guerrilla marketing going on these days."

"Yeah, fair enough. Any similarities with our other furry?"

Avery shook their head. They swiped their hand to the side to bring up a snippet of desktop, dug through a few decks of vcards. "Being a furry seems to be the big thing they have in common. e8 is X, d7 is M. e8 is single and not looking, d7 is in a long-term relationship. d7 is almost a parody of a DDR junkie, e8 has almost no...well, hold on."

Carter waited.

"Looks like ey was prodding around the DDR spaces a few hours before the event." Avery had that far-away look to their eyes that one got while digging through data on cards. They shook their head to clear their vision, smiled to Carter. "Sorry, looks like I've got a bit of work ahead of me on that end. Any thoughts on the snag?"

"No, carry on as you were, I think. Sandra will keep an eye on it and let us know if we're at risk of overstepping our bounds."

Avery nodded and stepped back out of the meeting cubicle.

Back in the sim proper, Carter watched as the cards surrounding 0224ebe8 began to sift into two piles as the shadowy form that must be Avery worked. White cotton thread began to string itself around two groups, followed by the tags '0224ebe8 (M)' in one and '0224ebe8 (X)' in the other.

After a few minutes, she walked back to her constellation of decks. On a hunch, she created a small grouping in her area and labeled it "DDR Activity Pre-Event". She began looping in relevant cards from both 0224ebe8 and aca973d7.

There was a soft *ding* within the sim, and a wave of shadowy heads looked up, Carter's included.

Directly above them in the middle of the 'ceiling' was the current time in faintly luminescent letters. As always, they would look different for each member; for Carter, traced out in fine cotton string was the '12:00' that indicated lunch.

Carter's vision began to dim. She backed out before the ominously cheery message instructing her to stretch her legs urged her to do so. University policy stated employees should work in a sim no longer than four hours in a row without fully backing out, so when she pulled back from her rig, she saw everyone else doing the same.

Most of the team gathered around the fridge and microwave by the coffee station to collect their lunches. She hadn't had the time or energy this morning. Lunch out it was.

At least she wouldn't be alone. There a few folks who made their way across the street from the campus building to the shops, hunting falafel or curry. She put on her best chummy face and tagged along with. The group chatted, inevitably but amiably, about work, comparing notes on the cases they were focusing on.

The group --- three of them, with Carter --- decided on a small Vietnamese place nearby. It would be a long lunch, with the wait and all, but she was promised that the food was amazing. Besides: Friday. Even the boss can enjoy a lunch every now and then.

Standing outside as they waited on a table, they made an obvious target for the tabloid sellers. They were wandering a little further than usual from the tube station entrance today, and the restaurant hadn't noticed them yet to shoo them off.

Carter rolled her eyes when Prakash bought a copy.

"Hey, don't look at me like that. I promise I read it for the laughs," he said.

Carter shrugged, "It's less about why you reading it, and more who you're giving money..."

Prakash and Aiden stood in silence, eyes on Carter. They exchanged glances before Prakash broke in, "Hey boss, you doing okay?"

"Can I see that?" She didn't wait for an answer before she snatched the flimsy paper from his hands.

> **Soho Theatre Mourns Lost Tech**
>
> RJ Brewster was the pride of the Soho Theatre Troupe's tech department.
>
> The brainy American who blessed them with boosted bass was admitted to the University College Hospital after apparently getting lost during a rehearsal on Wednesday. Ey was discovered during an intermission completely unresponsive. Medical crews declared em lost on the scene after analysing eir implants.
>
> The genderqueer young man was described as "bright, but obsessed." Ey was a member of the furry cult and spent most of eir time on the 'net, which friends blame for em getting lost.
>
> The STT promises that productions will go on as planned, with back-up techs running the sound system.
>
> Brewster represents the 135th case of the lost marked in the world. Ey will be cared for by doctors at the UCH. Members of the University College London studying the lost were unavailable for comment.

Carter let the paper droop. Aiden retrieved it before it was closed completely, opening to the page where she had been reading.

"Oh, hey! Stuff about a lost person!" He read down further, then looked up at Carter. "Did you get an interview request from them?"

She shook her head. "Not a word. Not to me, at least. Maybe PR turned the interview down."

Prakash read over Aiden's shoulder. "Do you think we could go see em? We're with UCL. Maybe we could--"

He fell silent at a look from Carter. She spoke carefully, voice carrying the weight of a prepared statement. "Ey's in good hands. Trust the doctors on this. We'll receive all relevant info from them. Any contact with a patient may introduce bias in the study."

Aiden frowned, shutting the paper. "We shouldn't have this."

"No, we shouldn't."

He quickly balled up the tabloid and, finding no rubbish bins nearby, set it on the restaurant's outside windowsill. Researchers were as jealous of their data as the lawyers were of patient privacy. Keeping the tabloid would only be a risk.

"But what about the theater troupe?" Prakash asked.

Carter caught herself in the act of shaking her head, turned instead toward the restaurant. She tilted her head back and let her eyes trace the sharp contrast between the gutters of the building and the steel-gray sky, seeing neither.

"We can't," she finally murmured. "Same risk of bias."

A safe answer. A rote one. A required one. The legal aspect was plain, the ethics clear. If she wanted to learn anything from the doctors treating this RJ or the Troupe, she'd have to file a request, wait for the ethics board, wait again for the lawyers, and even then, even if she succeeded, she would only be able to write a questionnaire for them to fill out.

And yet here, a half hour tube ride away, was a social connection. The very thing she wanted most to understand.

She was distracted, thankfully, by the host inviting them in to eat.
